what pickup you're using in your neck
position because I got both the MGS once
an 81 185 whichever one tires cycles I
never sinned eight ones had never seen
an 85 that looks like that this looks
almost like two single
because it's uh actually not a pickup at
all
it says Fernandez sustainer and that's
one of my most fun toys I have somebody
said dead skin mask earlier so yeah oh
yeah this substandard is because I could
be anywhere on the stage I could be on
the dead stage it's all carpeted in you
know your sustain you hit a note and
it's like yeah just goes away the
sustainer I could be I could be out the
soundboard
hit an element it would just keep
playing until I decided I don't want to
play anymore
that's why
that note won't die
doesn't matter where I am on the stage I
can play that part and it's you know
it's perfect what's that gun oh they'll
make some noise to be in and that's
gonna be the real fun part and I used to
have a plate like eight nine weeks
though who knows what kind of cattle
screamin is gonna come out of these
things gonna be awesome
anybody else play
you